Add `Segmented Group` documentation (#1282)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/form/input-group/partials/guidelines/guidelines.md

## Usage

An Input Group is intentionally published as an agnostic container element that wraps one or more inputs and actions, making the relevant use cases broad.

!!! Info

> The way in which these components are published and assembled together are fundamenally different between the Figma Ember components.

Reviewer: "between the Figma Ember components." ??

Author: Should be "Figma and Ember compoennts"

- In Figma, multiple primitive components are published (`ButtonType` and `InputType`) that are intended to be assembled in an auto layout container. A pre-assembled `Base` component is also available for more simple instances.
- The Ember component acts as a container to enforce consistent styling and grouping of nested Helios form components. It does not handle any logic or functionality out of the box, this is left up to the nested form elements.
!!!

### When to use

- When filtering complex data, searching within a set of filters, and creating complex filtering patterns.
- When collecting information in a form that benefits from a "connected" visual representation, e.g., a key/value pair.
- When an action performs a generative function rather than a submit function, e.g., generating API credentials.

> - As a complex data input, e.g., uploading a document or connecting to an external resource.

Author: That's a bit of the rub with this component, visually an upload could use the primitives defined in Figma, but the component in Ember would use a different button/input type (check me on this @alex-ju, not 100% sure on the exact implementation). I'll remove this point for now though.

> - As a complex data input, e.g., uploading a document or connecting to an external resource.

Reviewer 2: Sorry for the later reply on this – it slipped through. Indeed, I see that in Figma it can be achieved using this component but in code, we have a semantic element that generates both the button and the 'field' and we'd like want to make use of it, for usability and accessibility considerations (can expand on this).

### When not to use

- To submit a form or set of inputs. An Input Group can exist within a form to collect multi-directional data, but should not submit that data via a form method. Use the guidelines in [Form patterns](/patterns/form-patterns) instead.
- To connect multiple fields that each require their own label.

## Primitive components

An Input Group can consist of a multiple primitive subcomponents that vary in their properties and intended input value. We recommend limiting usage in both Figma and code to those defined in the `ButtonType` and `InputType` primitives to ensure consistent styling and grouping.

### Button types

- **Default**: a default button can perform a function or interaction within an Input Group, e.g., generating an object, string, or value in a field it is connected to. This is an extension of the Helios [Button](/components/button).

> - **Toggle**: a toggle button can be used to filter or narrow the available parameters when searching within a data set or group of objects. This is an extension of the Helios [Toggle Button](/components/toggle-button).

Reviewer: there's no such link as `toggle-button`

Reviewer 2: Indeed, this doesn't match what we have in code. There is a `<Hds::Dropdown::Toggle::Button />`, but it's not of much use (functionally) unless it's part of the dropdown component `<Hds::Dropdown as |dd|><dd.ToggleButton /></Hds::Dropdown>`. So I guess, from a technical point of view, it probably makes sense to split the two types as `<Hds::Button>` and `<Hds::Dropdown>`. I can give this a bit more thinking 🤔

Author: We refer to this as a `ToggleButton` in Figma, probably should discuss a bit more how much the semantics should overlap here.

### Within a form

While less common, an Input Group can be used within a form collect related data, perform generative functions like creating API keys, and for filtering within a search field.

!!! Do

Use an Input Group to perform a generative function within a form.

![Input Group API key example](/assets/components/form/input-group/input-group-example-form-01.png =450x*)
!!!

!!! Do

Use an Input Group to determine the intended method of request or connection.

![Input Group method example](/assets/components/form/input-group/input-group-example-form-02.png =450x*)
!!!

!!! Dont

Don't use an Input Group when fields are related, but aren't stored in the same object upon submission. This example features a payment form with an Input Group and label, but uses a placeholder instead of a label to communicate what information the field collects.

![Input Group payment method exmaple](/assets/components/form/input-group/input-group-example-form-03.png =450x*)
!!!

#### Error validation

For error validation recommendations, refer to the [Form patterns](/patterns/form-patterns) documentation.

## Content

The content with the Input Group is dependent on the context:

> - If used a within a form, the Input Group should be used within a [Form::Fieldset](/components/form/primitives) primitive and requires a single label.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- If used in a form, the Input Group should be used within a [Form::Fieldset](/components/form/primitives) primitive and requires a single label.
```

![Filter pattern example](/assets/components/form/input-group/input-group-example-filter-pattern-01.png)

This example showcases a larger filter pattern that consists of two Input Groups; the first allowing the user to filter what parameters are included in a search query, the second grouping similar filter parameters relationally.

![Open filter pattern example](/assets/components/form/input-group/input-group-example-filter-pattern-01-open.png)

### Within a form

While less common, an Input Group can be used within a form to collect related data, perform generative functions like creating API keys, and for filtering within a search field.

!!! Do

Use an Input Group to perform a generative function within a form.

![Input Group API key example](/assets/components/form/input-group/input-group-example-form-01.png =450x*)
!!!

!!! Do

Use an Input Group to determine the intended method of request or connection.

![Input Group method example](/assets/components/form/input-group/input-group-example-form-02.png =450x*)
!!!

!!! Dont

> Don't use an Input Group when fields are related, but aren't stored in the same object upon submission. This example features a payment form with an Input Group and label, but uses a placeholder instead of a label to communicate what information the field collects.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Don’t use an Input Group when fields are related, but aren’t stored in the same object upon submission. This example features a payment form with an Input Group and label, but uses a placeholder instead of a label to communicate what information the field collects.
```
